once the beans and soak them in water
for at least eight hours or until they
double in size
remove the skills it's very easy to pop
the beans out of the skin with your
fingers transfer the beans to a pressure
cooker it's a good idea to add one
teaspoon of vegetable oil to the pot to
repent the form from clock in the brass
oval pour in enough water to cover the
beans start to cook and print to
pressure let it talk for one minute then
turn off the heat and let the press the
dark by itself the beans should now be
very soft and mass like this
transfer into a food processor and grind
into a smooth puree transfer into a pan
cook over medium heat as suger Miskel
stir up tin so that it does not burn at
the bottom keep stirring until it
thickens to the points that stips
picks form like this
remove from the heat and let it cool
add the goodness flower bit by bit and
knead until the dough doesn't stick to
your hands
divided into three portions like this
the smallest one will be color green to
make the leaves next a pink and we leave
the largest portion is natural color
divide the largest portion into 10 equal
smaller portions grab so that the dough
doesn't get dry set aside add the green
color to the smallest portions knead
until the color is blended well
crap and set aside make sure your hands
have no green food coloring on them
before you continue
you
divide this one into ten equal person as
well don't forget to wrap the mass
before
start with one pink portion and one and
color portion
combine them together like this roar
until it becomes a smooth ball
now shape it into a pitch
you
flattened to about three millimeter
thick cut into a leaf shape
make some vents so it looks like a real
live lady lives under the pitch and you
then
it has a very similar texture to banging
down snow skin mooncake but it's not a
sweet it's very fun to make and eat yeah
same jamming Coco Duke and dumb bunny
you